yeah what's up so today solving and
we're going to do a Q&A video
how old are we oh I can succeed November
7th then I'm so 1500 time April first
man
what sports do you play do or what
activities sports
Huber's um I ball
yeah I know I'm grasping slide knives
like off aha so I let her freshman year
and sophomore here so that's good
play in the letter x okay good okay
where we like to shop Hollister man I
print Walmart i klaxon Jackson halters
go to American Eagle No
alpha light target of the DAR the dollar
zone that's good
I like Walmart now Lamar's also sick a
lot I like that I like their sweat pants
that's why I get moving slippier yeah
how do we meet what I moved here
actually okay we have a little circle we
live on and she ma my god there's 12
hours my girl for YouTube kids
we're been here doing me are you ready
to go
sure shut up let's go we gotta go we're
back good yeah
all right we're back back from the plane
a little parade question five big let's
just do that
what grade are we in were sophomores
yourself
ever
yeah
you
what would you like to do in our spare
time I can't say my answer on - I don't
look at it just okay I took all my
friends myspace Facebook you know um I
don't hang out my friends and got my
seriously I stay at home from - Oh relax
watch the TV I like hanging out like
shot I'm like being a help I like to
like shop time to walk around I just
crab I like to go to different places
under one then Oh France yes I like
going to my uncle's farm - lets go to
the farm and seeing all the animals like
animals so you guys go camping tonight
little camping
that's color Tsar like we should dream
no random questions like the color at
all respect
oh yeah number six to me I like color
I'm questions so what's our favorite pop
comes there pop yeah I like dr. pepper I
like what is it funk it's okay that's
good
yeah my birthday Christmas Talia
okay that's mine too I love Halloween
you get free candy yes as like I'm in
Christmas we get pragmatic relations at
all separations are the smell of like
Christmas the cookies well that no I
walked in here oh it was bakers I smell
a birthday because it's like a huge
party going on no tell your friends
here we broke a bone first yeah I broke
them when I was like six I was dancing
after he went through I was like five
commando I was dancing I found the
ground of my friend tried jumped on me I
just slapped her here's awkward funny
mine I was ice-skating and I fell I fell
on my hands oh but it's jolted up and
pushed my elbow to your left hand
yeah I was like she went and it chipped
my bone my elbow all right
okay good soon mine is Chinese food I
love it I look I also love pickles
pickles are amazing borders aren't
around
yes I sold black olives I put my finger
um my favorite food
probably Chinese okay cool yeah girl
I don't oppose to we like to say boo
favorite color universe I like all the
bright colors I like aqua turquoise in
there hot pink regular pink lime green
pick 10 colors I really have an
arrangement I have two actually three
fucking pink in it black pink lime green
hey bitch
what is our favorite sartatia fall and
summer yes Palmer fall is just beautiful
I just love it I like when the leaves
turn colors you know it's not hot it's
not too cold
all I need is a light jacket I'm sorry I
move into some realities you haven't
seen it you should but it's really all
it and um sorry because no school lost
the best part of it and it's also hard
to swear when ever you want or we can't
assume everyone but actually that's when
you do swim at night it's not that hot
or does not that cold to consume at
night yeah
you